#7. Top Population
Goal in Context 
The company would like to generate reports based on the population of people. These reports will be based on the continent, region and country.

Scope 
Company. 

Level 
Primary task. 

Preconditions 
The Database will require information of the population of people. The report  will require; the name of the searched area's location (continent/region/ country), that areas total population, the total population of the area that is currently living in a city and the population not living in cities, these will require percentages based on the total living and not currently living in cities.

Success End Condition 
These reports are available for organization to provide to a database about the population of cities in people in the world based on select requirements with all information provided

Failed End Condition 
None of the reports are produced. 
All information as well as the selected requirements do not appear.

Primary Actor 
Scrum Group. 

Trigger 
A request for the population of the people living in the world in certain areas to be sent to the organization.

MAIN SUCCESS SCENARIO 
1. The organization requests information based on the population of the people who are currently living in cities and people not living in cities.
2. The user will enter a set number into how many cities will appear when the report is created. 
3. The Database extracts information of all the cities and will then select all cities that meet the requirements.
4. The data collected will need to go through a calculation to get the percentage if it currently does not have one.
5. The Scrum Group can provide a report of the populations of the people with all it’s information.

EXTENSIONS 

4.Percentages fail to work-out correctly:  
i. check if percentages are incorrectly calculated, fix calculation if issues

5.Database will not provide the final report:       
 i. Check that the requirements have been set up, no spelling or grammar errors     
 ii. Retry with different parameters   

SUB-VARIATIONS 
None. 

SCHEDULE 
DUE DATE: Release 3.0